Constraints-
1.Active days for production and change-over per month is 30 days
2.Consecutive days of production per batch is 14 days
3.You must do production at least one day for each month
4.After consecutive run of a product for 14 days either a changeover is required if switching to another product or a non-production day is required if continuing production of same product
5.Minimum run for a production is 1 day
6.Production should be able to meet at least 50% of total demand each month (carried forward inventory can also be used for meeting demand)
7.Production should produce atleast 30% of total quarterly demand for each product
8.Changeover time is specified for changeover from a product to another product
9.Inventory can be carried forward to next month at nil cost in same plant and cannot be transferred from one plant to another
10.Demand is valid only for the month – it cannot be back fulfilled. If demand is not fulfilled in a month they are considered as lost sales
11.There is no starting inventory at any plant and ending inventory after last month will not be considered for revenue recognition

Submission File-
1.(Done) demand_forecast.csv: Submission format for the demand forecast of the next 3 months. No negative values allowed
2.manufacture_sequence.csv: Submission format for mentioning the production sequence for each line at every plant. Only product ids or blanks allowed in the sequence
3.shipping_region.csv: Submission format for mentioning the shipped quantity at each region from each plant. No negative values allowed here as well


Manufacture Sequence File-
Plant	Line	Month	Day	Product_ID

For each plant, line ,month and day, we need to set the product that will be produced.
Files that are needed to be checked-
1. Demand Forecast
2. Production cost
3. Production capacity
4. Changeover time and cost
5. Delivery
6. Demand Price

Steps-
1. Identify the products that will be sold.(Products with demand more than 0)
2. On the basis of the region, figure out the region where product has demand.(Where demand_price > 0)(Also sort on the basis of the demand_price.)
3. Now figure out plants from where the delivery cost to region is minimum.(Sort on basis of delivery cost)
4. Now on basis of production_capacity figure out the most appropriate plant.
5. Use demand forecast to find out what is the demand in the region.

Shipping Region File-
Plant	Region	Product_ID	Month	Shipping_to_region_quantity

Quantity of product to be shipped to the region for a given month from the given plant is needed to be estimated.
Files needed for preparing the shipping region file-
1. Demand Forecast
2. Delivery
3. Demand Price
4. Production Cost
5. Production Capacity

Steps-
1. For each product
	1.1 For each region and the month
		1.1.1 If demand of product in region=0
			-No action
		1.1.2 If demand of product in region!=0
			-Sort production units on basis of delivery cost
			1.1.2.1 For each production unit(till demand is met)
				-Check their production capacity and cost
				-Identify plants with minimum sum of production cost and delivery cost. Arrange them in that order.
				-Number of days plant has to work= Median(Changeover_days)+Demand/Production capacity.
				-If plant is available for that many days, then assign that much quantity to the plant
				-Otherwise, Assign the plant to submit as per the plant capacity i.e (days available-changeover)*production_cap
				-Ask the other plant to submit the remaining quantity.
